Truncate too large logs in HTTP API (#6394)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/logs/logs.md

* Maximum size for a single log: 256kB
* Maximum array size if sending multiple logs in an array: 500 entries

> All logs exceeding 256KB are accepted and truncated by the platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All logs exceeding 256KB are accepted and truncated by Datadog:
```

Reviewer 2: Should we replace `All logs` by `Any log entry in a batch` or something like this to make it more explicit?

Author: it has to include one-log-requests as well

Author: I could change to `Any log exceeding ..` though, WDYT ?

Reviewer 2: Sounds like a great wording

* For a single log request, the API truncates the log at 256KB and returns a 2xx.

> * For a multi-logs request, the API processes all the logs, truncates the larger logs at 256KB, and returns a 2xx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For a multi-logs request, the API processes all logs, truncates only logs larger than 256KB, and returns a 2xx.
```
